what's going on YouTube it's my are
unboxing and I'm here with another
Skylander Giants video on in this video
I'll be showing you drobot now this is a
light cord robot and i will be showing
you what he looks like on the portal
later in the video so definitely say and
check that out so here we go let's get
into it I picked him up for 1199 a
gamestop it's a bit more than the other
ones they're about two dollars more
since they are the light core ones and
they're also a bit more rare so let's
get a closer look at this guy's and
check them out also guys while you're
waiting for me to open this box up I
just want to let you know that I do have
a lot more Skylander Giants coming giant
figures i also have some light core ones
coming up to as well and just everything
so stay tuned for that and definitely
check that out so i'm going to turn off
with his cars the cards for the light
core ones are a lot cooler than the
normal ones they're like transparent
here's the light core card as you can
see it has like a rainbow background
almost very cool here is that's kind of
hard to see but you can kind of tell by
the bar what they are so there's that
very well designed card I like it a lot
now let's get right into this character
this is Drobot I don't have the first
one to compare it to and I do apologize
about that but i'm not sure if they
light up or what's going on with these
guys but i'll put them on the portal to
see what's really going on and we'll
figure that out so here he is the light
core ones i think have some special some
more special abilities or something but
you guys are gonna have to comment below
and let me know what exactly is the
difference between them so thank you and
here we go while we put him on the
portal up he does light up nothing too
spectacular but here I'll turn him
around for you guys he was like a gem on
its back that lights up like a neon
orange so that's pretty cool i mean
nothing too crazy but better than
nothing he does light up with you guys
were wondering and here's his front muck
and in the background you could see my
collection so far i have unboxing videos
of all these guys and there's another
giant giant series two cinder jet back a
lot of cool guys I kept well on its box
so there's that everybody thank you for
watching stay tuned for more Skylanders
Giants videos and comment rate subscribe
peace everybody